No, Grandma.
The Bai family loves money like life
Big brother just cancelled their cooperation.
They're deliberately annoyed now
What kind of punishment is that?
Grandma, today is your feast
I don't want to affect your mood because of those people.
OK, then grandma will listen to you
Grandma
For your sake, let Baijia go once
Grandma, I want to go to the bathroom
Go, go.
Yanyan this child
well-behaved and sensible
I suffered a lot of grievances in the Bai family before
It's back now.
You have to treat her well, don't worry, Mom.
Grandpa is our heart
Don't worry, grandma.
We will definitely protect our little sister as well.
Since Yanyan is back
Then our engagement with the private person?
It should be on the agenda
Today is Mom's birthday party
Is Ah Cheng here?
Why don't you introduce them to each other first?
I heard that the brain has been sick all the time.
Ah Cheng was called away
Then another day I will take Yanyan to see Mr. Si Lao
By the way, let Ah Cheng and Yanyan get in touch first
What's the matter with Li Jiaren?
We didn't offend him.
Why did he throw us out together?
Kick us out
Are you still looking for someone to please?
Yes, it was obviously my sister who took off the necklace.
But why didn't my sister feel emotional?